1. Keys are given to elements in a list in React. These keys are
ans: unique among siblings only.
Keys used within arrays should be unique among their siblings. However, they don’t need to be globally unique.
Read more: https://reactjs.org/docs/lists-and-keys.html

2. props in react can _____
ans: not be changed in the component. 
Solution Description
Whether you declare a component as a function or a class, it must never modify its own props. A component cannot update its own props but can update its state and the props of its children.

3. Passing props
Send Feedback
Which of the following statements is correct about props?
ans: Props in React are read-only data that can be passed and used by the various components into the application. Props are generally a static value, objects, array, or an event handler

4. What are two ways data gets handled in react?
ans: State and props.
Solution Description
Props and states both provide are used to set default values inside the components. They receive initial value from parent components and set initial value of child components.

5. Which of the below is the correct syntax to access a property inside the props in a class components?
ans: this.props.name.
Solution Description
We can access any prop from inside a component’s class using the above syntax. The ‘this.props’ is a kind of global object which stores all of a component's props. Here ‘name’, is the key of this props object.

6. Which of the below is the correct syntax to access a property inside the props in a functional components?
ans: props.name

7. The _____ function creates an array of filtered data that pass a condition.
ans: filter.
Solution Description
The filter() function creates an array of filtered data that pass a condition. Filter() function does not work if the array is empty and filter() function does not change the original values of an array. 

8. Why are arrow functions preferred in react?
ans: Clean syntax and less code.
Scope safety.
To avoid binding 'this to methods'.
Solution Description
Read More: 
https://medium.com/@joespinelli_6190/using-arrow-functions-to-avoid-binding-this-in-react-5d7402eec64

9. What is the declarative way to render a dynamic list of components based on values in an array.
ans: Using the Array.map() method.
Solution Description
The map() function is used to iterate over an array or object and manipulate or change data items. In React, the map() function is used for rendering a list of data to the DOM.

10. What will be the output of the following code?
const cartItem = {
  itemName: 'Apples',
  qty: 6,
  price: 10
};
const { qty=1, price } = cartItem;
console.log("Total price of", cartItem.itemName , 'is', qty*price);
ans: Total price of Apples is 60, the default value is only when there is no qty in cartItem 

11. How can we pass the information from a component to another component which is not a direct parent, child or sibling?
ans: Local Storage, Redux

